okay so you can see to start with my
eyebrows are by no means perfect but to
kind of prep them for the product I'm
gonna apply some clear brow gel the one
I've got is just from the light
they're just from Anastasia Beverly
Hills but it's just clear brow gel and
this is the best one I've used but you
can use whatever you want so I'm just
gonna apply a really sparingly amount
just run it through kind of getting the
shape that I want to start with kind of
feathering it up at the front of the
brow and then just kind of brushing
through towards the tail then I'd like
to take a really small precise brush
this is the Sigma winged liner ei6 brush
and i like to use my anastasia beverly
hills dipbrow in medium brown you can
apply this same technique with like
powder or pencil this is just what I
like to use recently I've been really
liking how they look so I'm gonna start
kind of not at the very beginning but
just kind of here so kind of top just a
full half way ever record I'm just gonna
draw like trace I'm gonna trace the
bottom of my eyebrow
just so I can get the shake that island
like that I'm literally also and let me
just show you you can see all these
little marks because I'm literally just
tapping really lightly it's better to go
in with less product then overwhelm your
eyebrow with too much excuse my voice by
the way I have a sore throat but yeah
now naturally I would have a tail there
but I don't know why I don't never grow
but I'm just gonna create my own one so
this kind of the person having short
eyebrows I can kind of decide for myself
how I want my tail to look but normally
I quite like a straight brow so it kind
of comes down to here nothing really
like angular but I'm just gonna like
feather and I'm not gonna be really
harsh with like my brush movements
there's something like that
then I'm just going to repeat the
movement I did on the bottom on the top
so just tracing the top
also notice I'm doing my eyebrows before
my foundation I prefer to do this just
like the product glides easiest and you
get the most pigmentation from the
product when it's on bare skin and then
I personally like to go in and clean up
my eyebrows of like concealer and stuff
so then when I do go in with foundation
and stuff like that there's already kind
of product around the brow so I don't
have to worry about like going to
clothes and stuff like that because
there's already product around the brown
but I think since it's a yes they're
just now filling in the center of the
brow
now bringing it forward will not bring
it forward but moving forward to the
front of the brow where we haven't put
any product yet I like to kind of just
take what's left on the brush and draw a
really light line in like so then turn
my brush to the side like this and kind
of draw upwards so like feathering I'm
mimicking brushes brushes eyebrows
like that you can go in a bit harsh
review on it too just by applying more
pressure not more product
and then just I'm gonna type a tiny bit
more and just run this through the Box I
didn't actually build that in the trick
is you still want to be able to see
house and for it to look natural and
then you're gonna push it through with
the clear brow gel just one more time
taking off most of the product this is
kind of just to set it in place
like that then I'm going in with my
zoeva luxe presses precise shader to 3/8
brush on my soap and glory kick-ass
concealer I like to use the this
slightly yellowish shade and this is
totally optional you don't have to clean
up your eyebrow just something I like to
do and it gives me a highlight when I'm
doing my eye shadow anyway so I'm gonna
start basically where I started with the
pomade to start with top so like just
here
let that and then just pull the product
down
and I really lightly drag it across the
the front not too heavy
and then I just like to use my finger
I'll blend mode
this is me just being picky that so I'm
gonna go ahead and do the rest of my
makeup so it all gets put together
you'll see what they look like so this
is what both eyebrows look like once I
have my makeup um so they don't look to
me they don't look too intense or too
fake which is kind of the look that I
like I don't like eyebrows that I like a
lot thick hair and like a massive arch
so yeah so that's it for my eyebrow
tutorial I hope you guys learned
something new and can take something
away or enjoyed it let me know what else
you want to see in the comments below I
do have a few videos coming up I am
gonna be in Portugal next week and I
think I might vlog it just because I've
not done like a vlog type video before
so let me know if you'd be interested in
seeing that but I hope you guys enjoyed
these how-to videos I like to talk
through them rather than do voiceovers
just cuz I find it easier and I can
popper go into depth with you guys so I
really hope you enjoyed it and until
next time I'll see you soon